hello I'm David Syd brand master for
Bacardi Rum I have a great job I get to
travel everywhere to educate consumers
on the incredible history and how to
make fantastic cocktails with bacardi
rum Bacardi is the world's favorite rum
created in Cuba in 1862 and the rum used
in the creation of the world's most
popular cocktail the cool by leavening
besides being a great tasting cocktail
the cool belly but it has an incredible
story behind it dates back to August
1902 Havana Cuba after the
spanish-american war where Teddy
Roosevelt and his regiment known as the
Rough Riders for alongside Cuban
revolutionaries for the Cuban
independence from Spain an American
captain who frequented a bar in Havana
asked for his favorite Bacardi Rum mixed
with coca-cola which had just recently
been imported to the island this new
combination of flavors sparked the
interest of other bar patrons including
American soldiers and soon the entire
bar was enjoying one the captain
proposed a toast
bought Google even a meaning for free
Cuba was the perfect name for this
cocktail born out of the spirit of
freedom to make a coup believe it
you will need a highball plenty of ice
in lime cut into wedges Cola and of
course Bacardi Rum it's a simple
cocktail but let me show you how to make
it best start by filling your glass with
ice and a crucial step we will squeeze a
lime wedge over the ice and drop that
lime wedge into the glass there's a lot
of great flavor to be found in the Rhine
of this line but you will be losing out
if you leave the lime wedge on the rim
by dropping the lime into the glass you
love the essential oils to develop and
interact with the liquids you'll be
adding creating a wonderful beautiful
tasteful cocktail now we will add
another crucial step the use of Bacardi
Rum a critical step in creating a cool
anybody will add one part of Bacardi gol
rum to this wonderful cocktail and
Bacardi with its unique flavor profile
when mixed with Cola allows for the
release of wonderful flavor enhancing
compounds
we will top this off with three parts
Cola
and as we meet the cola into the glass
the wonderful combination begins of the
flavor notes
we'll give this cocktail a gentle stir
we will garnish with a lime wedge to
accentuate the aromas and voila your
Bacardi Cuba Libre is now ready to be
enjoyed salute
and always remember drink responsibly
you